.\" -----------------------------------
.TH ASM21K 1 \"20 Oct 1999\" \"Release 3.3 Version 2.30\"
.SH NAME
asm21k \- Analog Devices ADSP-210x0 Assembler Pre-Processor

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B asm21k
[
.I options
]
.I filename

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-D\fP\fIname\fP
Define 
.I name
to the assembler preprocessor.
.TP
\fB-h\fP
Display usage.
.TP
\fB-l\fP
Generate a listing file.
.TP
\fB-o\fP \fIfile\fP
Name the output object file.
.TP
\fB-pp\fP
Preprocessor only.
.TP
\fB-sp\fP
Skip the assembler preprocessor
.TP
\fB-v\fP
Verbose.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Input files are preprocessed using the preprocessor,
unless the \fB-sp\fP option is specified.

.SH BUGS
.PP
This man page needs more work.
.PP
The assembler ignores the rest of
.B any
line following an exclamation mark (\fB!\fP). This
means that if you have a \fB!\fP inside an assembler comment (ie. comment
enclosed in \fB{\fP and \fB}\fP) then the closing \fB}\fP will not be
processed and the following lines of code will be silently ignored
until the next \fB}\fP is encountered.

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (c) 1991-1997 Analog Devices, Inc.
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR a21000 (1),
.IR ld21k (1)
